All right, so the last operation I was talking about is going to be the invocation, right?
So we just have to do, uh, if, uh, sorry, if the, uh, name is equal to, which is this one,
if it is equal to main, something like that, then you need to start the, uh, MCP server, the file
system reader.
Right.
Which is going to be doing this one.
Uh, we can also if the directory doesn't exist, uh, what if it has to fall back to this documents
directory?
Um, I've faced this before.
So that's the reason why what I'm going to do it is I'm just going to create a directory.
So I'm going to say directory dot directory.
And I'm going to say parent uh is equal to true and exists okay is equal to true as well.
Just to just in case if the folder doesn't exist, the documents folder go and create one, right?
If not, this is going to throw me an exception as well.
Now we have the the server entirely ready.
We have to just see how we can run this server, configure it, and then run it within our cloud desktop.
That's what we have to do.
So in order to do that I'm going to go back to our configuration in our cloud desktop over here.
And I'm going to say uh file reader MCP server which is this one.
And it is just thinking that's the name that I have given, but it's not apparently.
Uh, copy the file name, paste it over here.
It all looks pretty similar, but we also need to pass the env, if you remember right.
That's something I have to give as well.
So I'll say env over here and the file reader directory.
So this is this one right.
The file directory is going to be any one of the directory that I want to work with.
So I can give whatever directory I think this is fine.
I want to restrict myself with one of the employee app that I have built the front end application,
so I'm just going to restrict myself with that particular directory.
So this is the place where I have to configure it.
See the same command remains same arguments remains, which is the path of the file system reader which
is the server.
And then the env is going to be the location where I have to restrict my MCP server to read through.
So not the entire machine is open for the MCP server, but that could be one of the question which students
asked me.
Like Karthik, if we keep giving everything to large language model, isn't it a security hole that
you're going to be exposing to your machines because you're just exposing everything to the server?
Well guess what, that's what this MCP servers are.
They are very protected.
They have told blah blah blah reasons that they are secure and they're all operating within our own
local machine.
They aren't sending any data to the server, I believe.
So, uh, which means it is safe, right?
So I'm going to save this one and I'm going to go to the cloud desktop, close this guy, and I'm going
to open the cloud desktop one more time.
The moment I open it, you know what is going to happen in the background.
It's going to go and invoke the other MCP servers, which is our file reader.
Look at that.
We have the read files list files.
Amazing.
So these two tools are also there, which means I can now interact with the client which is the cloud
desktop, to see if I can able to get the details I'm looking for, I'm going to say what are the files
available in my directory.
So this is something that is going to be invoking the file reader tool or the server that you have.
And this is going to go and call the List Files tool over there.
And it's going to give you all the details in this particular folder.
Look at that.
It's going to get you all these information.
Amazing.
And I'm going to say what are the folders exist.
So basically this is going to be a list of folders.
Uh and also list the files.
So look at that.
Now it's going to say read the files.
Uh invoke that.
Then it's going to get all the file information.
and then it's going to get those informations for you.
So this source folder distribution folder node module folders public folders and components folder.
So if I want to read any of the file hopefully it reads as well I don't know.
But I want to see what's the content of index.html.
What do you think.
So I'm going to say what's the content of the index.html file.
And if I hit enter we'll see what's going to basically happen.
So this should go and read the file index.html for me on the particular directory.
And it's going to start giving me the details over here.
Look at that.
So amazing.
So you have already written and MCP server which can do calculations like simple addition subtraction
bit more complex, which is going to basically read through your external file systems.
This is the power of how you can write and tooling supports for your AI agent or your large language
model to perform all these operations.
This is exactly what's been done by many of the major companies today while they build the servers.